can offer you today we are going to
be testing
what is a goal
it's relatively simple
of 1.8 horsepower that says 1.8
of liters
and more or less with 115 horsepower
what attract that car is that it has a
turbocharger
of line and apart from the tube of
has a transverse engine
that is, it gives the push in a way
cross
then they give it a little
Well, if we did not even get to the room
of mile
pointing to what
120 approximately
the test we did right now was in
seconds
and it was from the first hour we're going to do
the test at second to see how
answer the same as we are right now
front right now
we give ourselves the third one and it arrived like this
have good suspension that pulls well
Well the truth is if I recommend you a lot
It is worth mentioning that it is a
hatchback and they buy the version that has
the little tail back to be heavier and
therefore going they have less acceleration
but this version is much recommend
Good until next time